Feature - Batch To Intacct - Account Grouping (#143)
KingdomFirst/RockBlocks: Intacct/ReadMe.md

| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">13</span> | **User Password** he Intacct API password. This is the same information you use when you log into the Sage UI. |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">14</span> | **Location Id** The optional Intacct Location Id. Add a location ID to log into a multi-entity shared company. Entities are typically different locations of a single company. |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">15</span> | **Export Mode** Determines the type of object to create in Intacct. Selecting Journal Entry will result in creating journal entries of the type set in the Journal Id setting. Selecting Other Receipts will result in creating Other Receipts in the Cash Management area of Intacct. |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">16</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the export file:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |

Author: ```suggestion
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">16</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the resulting Intacct Journal Entry or Other Receipt:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |
```

| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">15</span> | **User Password** he Intacct API password. This is the same information you use when you log into the Sage UI. |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">16</span> | **Location Id** The optional Intacct Location Id. Add a location ID to log into a multi-entity shared company. Entities are typically different locations of a single company. |
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">17</span> | **Export Mode** Determines the type of object to create in Intacct. Selecting Journal Entry will result in creating journal entries of the type set in the Journal Id setting. Selecting Other Receipts will result in creating Other Receipts in the Cash Management area of Intacct. |

> | <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">18</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the export file:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |

Author: ```suggestion
| <span style="width: 3em; height: 3em; line-height: 3em; background: #d21919; border-radius: 100%; color: white; text-align: center; display: inline-block;">18</span> | **GL Account Grouping** Determines if debit and/or credit lines should be grouped and summed as follows in the resulting Intacct Journal Entry or Other Receipt:<ul><li>**Debit Accounts**: Company, Region, Super Fund, Cost Center Debit Number, Debit Account, Debit Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, Transaction Fee Account, and Location</li><li>**Credit Accounts**: Company, Region, Department, Super Fund, Cost Center Credit Number, Revenue Account, Revenue Account Sub, Fund Number, Project, and Location</li><li>**Financial Account Grouping**: Both credit and debit lines are grouped by Rock Financial Account, Project, and Transaction Fee Account.</li></ul> |
```

![](../.screenshots/BatchToIntacct/GatewayAttributes.png)

| | |
| --- | ---- |
| **Gateway Fee Processing** How should the Intacct Export plugin process transaction fees? DEFAULT: No special handling of transaction fees will be performed. NET DEBIT: Add credit entries for any transaction fees and use net amount (amount - transaction fees) for debit account entries. GROSS DEBIT: Debit account entries are left untouched (gross) and new debit and credit entries will be added for any transaction fees. NOTE: Both Net Debit and Gross Debit require a Fee Account attribute be set on either the financial gateway or financial account. |

> | **Default Fee Account** TDefault account number for transaction fees. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Default Fee Account** Default account number for transaction fees. |
```
